What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?

merging twon branches add together their changes into one cohesive 
branch, and is used in this case to add an addition to the game, as 
coins you an run over for points, to the existing master branch of the 
regular game. I encountered some difficulties in formatting between 
versions, as i had accidentally deleted and slightly moved some of the 
files in my current version, and git merge had some difficulties. i used 
git checkout to go back to a previous version, copied the properly 
formatted code, and pasted it into the regular main branch version i 
had, recommiting it with the proper formatting. I had attempted earlier 
to checkout at that functional version, while adding in the bullet delay 
again, but couldnt figure out how to instate that version as the new 
master branch instead of the existing one with the formatting problems. 
but, it was easy enough to move things around and i made it work. 
makignthe coins yellow was pretty easy, buit i needed to listen to the 
fist 3 second of the video first. I had found the section of the 
code that contained the infor about the coin sprite but was unsure 
about the variables i needed to add. once i heard caroline mention the "add 
color" change that had occured earlier, i went back to find the section 
that had been changed and once again copied and pasted between git 
versions. gotta love the clipboard. 

diagrams are cool. easier to visualise than the terminal shiz and helps 
to have a picture of what exactly you are doing while you do it. 
